[OAF-33194] [JS SDK] [New Interface] Launch Interactive Browser (#342)
rakutentech/js-miniapp: js-miniapp-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

### 1.28.0 (2026-05-01)
- **Feature:** Added new interface `isSimInstalled` to `MiniAppUtils` to check if a physical SIM card is installed on the device. Accessible via `MiniApp.miniappUtils.isSimInstalled()`.
- **Feature:** Added `PHONE_STATE` to `DevicePermission` enum and exposed `requestPermission(permissionType: DevicePermission)` as a public API to request device permissions (e.g. phone state) from the host app. The promise rejects if the user denies the permission.

> - **Update:** `launchInteractiveBrowser` now supports passing an options object (`LaunchBrowserOptions`) with `httpMethod`, `httpBody`, `audience`, and `scopes`, matching the same signature as `launchInternalBrowser`.

Reviewer: New feature.

Author: Fixed it.

> - **Feature:** `launchInteractiveBrowser` now supports passing an options object (`LaunchBrowserOptions`) with `httpMethod`, `httpBody`, `audience`, and `scopes`, matching the same signature as `launchInternalBrowser`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature:** Added new interface `launchInteractiveBrowser` which allows you to pass URL and also passing an options object (`LaunchBrowserOptions`) with `httpMethod`, `httpBody`, `audience`, and `scopes`, matching the same signature as `launchInternalBrowser`.
```
